---
title: "Cuprate Meeting 2024-08-06 highlights"
description: "Cuprate Meeting 2024-08-06 highlights"
pubDate: 'August 06, 2024'
heroImage: '/blog-placeholder-2.jpg'
type: 'meeting'
---

Highlights of the Cuprate meeting of August 06 2024:

## Updates:

- **fluorescent_beige**: Wrapping up Hot-swappable database issue ([PR 209](https://github.com/Cuprate/cuprate/issues/209)) (WIP at [PR 242](https://github.com/Cuprate/cuprate/pull/242))
- **boog900**: Have been still working on the tx-pool. Also plan on making changes to dandelion++ crate, most notably by making its usage of the tx-pool more efficient. Finally started writing additional issues and future tasks for Cuprate, in an attempt to improve clarity on the current code state and help contributors discuss tasks.
- **hinto-janai**: Finishing up the RPC section in the architecture book, have upstreamed RPC documentation fixes to `monero-site` and finished the rpc interface crate resulting in a limited but working RPC server.
- **yamabiiko**: Closed it's CCS for feeling unable to deliver the quality expected, due to unfortunate life circumstances. The team send them love and support.

## What is next:

There has been short discussion around the txpool and binary strings serialization issue. The Txpool implementation is still missing major components.
- hinto-janai proposed an upstream fix for `monerod` to deprecate custom serialized binary strings, in an attempt to avoid having to build
custom serializer/deserializer for cuprate (which needless to say, is both a regression over standard crates and requiring extra-cautions as parser are inherently dangerous). 

## Ecosystem

*jbabb* is a newcomer in the cuprate channel that plan on building a flutter library around cuprate.  

## Reference:

You can find all meetings logs here: https://github.com/monero-project/meta/issues/1047
